"Virtual" means never knowing where your next byte is coming from. 
$HOME is where you hang your @. 
/Earth is 98% full... Please delete anyone you can. 
1 bull, 3 cows. 
10.0 times 0.1 is hardly ever 1.0. 
A bad random number generator: 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 4.33e+67, 1, 1, 1 
A bug in the hand is better than one as yet undetected. 
A computer program does what you tell it to do, not what you want it to do. 
A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken. 
A CONS is an object which cares. — Bernie Greenberg 
A crash reduces your expensive computer to a simple stone. 
A journey of a thousand sites begins with a single click. 
A list is only as strong as its weakest link. — Donald Knuth 
A true Klingon Warrior does not comment his code! 
A user and his leisure time are soon parted. 
Access denied — nyah, nyah! 
After enough decimal places, nobody gives a damn. 
All computers run at the same speed... With the power off. 
All computers wait at the same speed. 
All wiyht. Rho sritched mg kegtops awound? 
An elephant is a mouse with an operating system. 
And on the seventh day, He exited from append mode. 
Another megabytes the dust. 
Any given program will expand to fill available memory. 
Any nitwit can understand computers. Many do. — Ted Nelson 
Any program that runs right is obsolete. 
Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature. — Rich Kulawiec 
APL is a write-only language. — Roy Keir 
Artificial intelligence usually beats real stupidity. 
Artificial Intelligence: Making computers behave like they do in the movies. 
As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing! 
As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error. — Conrad Weisert 
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code. 
Asking whether machines can think is like asking whether submarines can swim. 
Back up my hard drive? I can't find the reverse switch! 
Backup not found: (A)bort (R)etry (P)anic? 
Backups? We don't NEED no steenking backups. 
Bad command. Bad, bad command! Sit! Stay! Staaay... 
Base 8 is just like base 10, if you are missing two fingers. — Tom Lehrer 
Best file compression around: "DEL" = 100% compression. 
Beware of programmers who carry screwdrivers. — Leonard Brandwein 
Brain fried — core dumped. 
BREAKFAST.COM Halted — Cereal Port Not Responding. 
Breakthrough: It finally booted on the first try. 
Buy a Pentium 586/90 so you can reboot faster. 
Cannot find REALITY.SYS. Universe halted. 
CChheecckk yyoouurr dduupplleexx sswwiittcchh.. 
COFFEE.EXE Missing — Insert Cup and Press Any Key. 
Compatible: Gracefully accepts erroneous data from any source. 
Computer and car salesmen differ in that the latter know when they are lying. 
Computer chips are so small because computers don't eat much. 
Computer programmers do it byte by byte. 
Computer: A device designed to speed up and automate errors. 
Computers are a more fun way to do the same work you'd have to do without them. 
Computers are not intelligent — they just think they are. 
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. — Pablo Picasso 
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes. 
Congratulations! You are the one-millionth user to log into our system. 
CONGRESS.SYS corrupted: Reboot Washington, DC? (Y/N) 
Counting in binary is just like counting in decimal if you are all thumbs. 
Counting in octal is just like counting in decimal if you don't use your thumbs. 
Dain bramaged, dore cumped. 
Death is a non-maskable interrupt. 
Diagnostics are the programs that run when nothing else will. 
Disc space — the final frontier! 
Disclaimer: Any errors in spelling, tact, or fact are transmission errors. 
Don't byte off more than you can view. 
Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts. 
Don't let the computer bugs bite! 
Don't pay computer programmers too much money, it just encourages the bad ones. 
Dreams are free, but you get soaked on the connect time. 
E Pluribus Modem. 
E Pluribus UNIX. 
Emacs is a nice operating system, but I prefer UNIX. — Tom Christaensen 